30, nine days, mission Sunday, and we more face emphasis on mission.
80 minutes, Matthew nine, 35, 30, and then there was a check.
Jesus went through our old cities and bidders teaching in their synodials and reclaiming the gospel of the kingdom and healing every disease and every profession.
When he saw the crowds, he had compassion for them because they were harassed and helped
like sheep without a shepherd.
Then he said to his disciples, the harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few.
Therefore, pray earnestly to the Lord of the harvest to send out laborers into
his heart.
I'm going to talk a little this morning about seeing the harvest through his eyes, singing the harvest through his eyes.
The barner research group has involved itself in gathering and analyzing the information
concerning the Church for a number of years.
Many of their filings are both startling and idle.
They have found that 33% of Americans are on the Church, but they have no Church affiliation whatsoever.
Look at that.
Wow.
They found 20% of those who have church membership believe that living a good life will gain them a place in heaven.
Giving those two statistics that tells us that 53% of Americans are lost and are on their way here.
This does not take into account the people who are atheists who are involved in satanic worship.
Over half a liter of water you run into is lost and growing on a daily basis.
More and more people each year are added to these categories.
And if we were to throw all of the false professors that go church into the mix, it would be probably 75% of people in our country without Jesus.
As sad as that sounds, if we look at it through the eyes of Jesus, he would tell us the heart
is finished.
There are people to be reached with the gospel of Jesus Christ.
There is work to be done.
And my brother and sisters, the greatest danger of this contemporary church is that there is still knowledge of people doing the work of the church.
Most everything else comes before the word of reaching the lost with the word of God.
As Jesus ministered to the means of people all around him, he met that physical mean.
But he did so with a view to reach that greater meaning.
He saw people.
with eyes of compassion.
That we have replaced compassion with criticism.
You have replaced compassion with hearts.
But if we would fulfill the mandate of the Master,
We've got to see with his eye, a people that were friends, that have grown weary and will never even need a shepherd, who need to be introduced to Jesus Christ.
Jesus says, when I look at him and see him,
I see hurting and meeting people who need help and hold for their lost condition.
And I'm just wondering this one.
Do we have the eyes of Jesus?
When we look and see, do we look with His eyes and see what He sees?
rather than our eyes and see what we see.
And if we actually see things like he sees things, we may respond differently than what we do.
Walk with me through this text.
Let me lift these three things for you to take home.
He saw the potential of the heart
He said, the harvest is plenty as in the King James Version.
The harvest is plentiful in the English standard version.
In either case, when he saw the crowds, he saw the potential of the harvest.
But the danger is, let it untouch.
The harvest will ruin.
He saw people.
He didn't just eat crap, but he saw individuals.
And my husband is, what do we see when we look at the people?
Do we see sinners lost in their filthiness?
Do we see people who live like dogs and don't care?
Do we see people as they are?
Or do we see them as the Lord could make them
If they come to me, Jesus saw the potential of the harvest.
And when you see them with their pain, say, well, go ahead, man.
When you see them in their profuse state, and not knowing whether they are male or female, when you see them walking around with that glassy look in their eyes, and they had no help at no more, do you see potential?
that's part of the society.
The demons that trust me, their mission is, in fact, their presence out there.
If we would bring it off, pay a seat, walk on the seat, then watch the heartbeat of the engine.
But as long as we remain silent, as long as we operate with this sense of being politically correct,
The harvest is in danger of rule.
People that we save it up, we watch Satan lead him with sparrows.
I own children, I own family men.
In many instances, I own spouses.
Don't know Jesus Christ.
And I want to suggest to us that if we see him and Jesus,
We'll see potential.
But if we see like Jesus, secondly, we'll also see the problem.
He's about the problem of how to simply put labors of humans.
I didn't say church attendance.
It's a labor because the word with the souls of me
It's strenuous work.
Talk with school teachers and their children.
Teaching our children is hard work.
It's taxing, it's dreaming.
But I want to suggest to you, if he's big, that's hard.
Trying to work with soul.
Y'all don't help him.
He ain't knowledge the fact that the harvest was plentiful.
But he also acknowledged he was bitter.
beautiful to heaven that was so many lost men around in agony and agonizing and there's so few people that you could not have and working in the fall with all the potential around and with people who say they know the law but when you need to put A with B you find out B is black
So there's no labor.
There's nobody to read the souls of harvest for a fallen humanity.
That's nobody to speak a word of the Lord's behalf.
Nobody is willing to stand up for Jesus Christ and make a difference in the word.
The harvest is bad.
The potential is bad.
But the problem is we don't have food.
That'll work with Jesus.
Don't have a folk that'll be laborers that will put their hand in their energy.
And that will all intubate to bring on this.
So we'll watch what would be a great potential harvest.
Jesus says, because the laborers are few.
If that was true, 2,000 years ago, it was more true in 2015.
As many people as come to church, same to me, in the course of a week, in the course of a month, in the course of reading, your honor, impact,
You all have to press it upon me.
One somebody.
You all have to be so busy living your own life that you don't affect somebody's life positively for the people.
You all have to step aside.
I would be selfish.
I would be self-centered here.
All of the sinners are not strong out on the door.
All of the sinners are not in front of you in your regular history.
Some of them work next to you in the next June.
Some of them look
You don't understand every vocal answer that's verbose, but they don't know Jesus Christ.
The homeless is brilliant.
The homeless is brilliant
There's not a path without the chicken.
The hog is will be a hog.
He says there's a potential of the hog.
Then he saw the problem of the hog.
But he also saw the power of the hog.
He missed it if he told the rivalry.
But he's right there.
It's a full memory.
He just said, bring him.
Jesus spoke about the hogness.
And the need to associate with it, he told me what they ought to do first, and that's break.
My break, because seeing the harvest brought into the gone is God's work.
And when we break, when church breaks, some will happen.
One writer has said, something's bound to happen.
When we break.
All I'm trying to tell us this morning is that we are praying the Lord of the heart to sinful neighbors into the heart.
Now remember, when you pray, He might make you be an answer to you.
And we are praying.
We are talking to the Bible.
And if the Bible is right in that note of you,
I hear the Bible saying, here's my beat.
Let me get rid of him now.
Let us hold my money.
Say it all, didn't say it.
See my face.
Turn from now.
We'll get away.
I hear the Lord saying, here.
What I hear from him.
What I forgive that scene.
seems to me, my brother and sister, the answer to the problem is prayer.
If we can get God's people to talk with God and pray, God will do something about our situation.
I know it's simple, but that's the simple truth is now that if we want to make this, if we want to see something happen, we give that to pray.
But that's something that they know is free.
And it won't be said you can put it in free, right?
If God will answer words, I hear the same, Justin, you talk with me.
You're a minister in the room.
I suggest a new talk with you.
You all have a new talk with you.
I want to tell you all about our show.
I'm coming back to pray and chat.
I have to have